c:\users\aakash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\WpfApplication3.exe
c:\users\aakash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\WpfApplication3.pdb
c:\users\aakash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\aakash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\aakash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\aakash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\aakash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\obj\x86\Debug\WpfApplication3_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\aakash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\obj\x86\Debug\WpfApplication3.g.resources
c:\users\aakash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\obj\x86\Debug\WpfApplication3.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\aakash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
c:\users\aakash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
c:\users\aakash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\obj\x86\Debug\WpfApplication3.exe
c:\users\aakash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\obj\x86\Debug\WpfApplication3.pdb
c:\users\aakash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\obj\x86\Debug\Window1.baml
c:\users\aakash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\obj\x86\Debug\Window1.g.cs
C:\Users\Aakash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\WpfApplication3.exe.config
C:\Users\Aakash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\Database2.sdf
C:\Users\Aakash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\obj\x86\Debug\WpfApplication3_Content.g.cs
C:\Users\Aakash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\obj\x86\Debug\WpfApplication3.AddNewCategory.resources
C:\Users\Aakash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\obj\x86\Debug\WpfApplication3.AddNewPublisher.resources
C:\Users\Aakash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\obj\x86\Debug\WpfApplication3.ana.resources
C:\Users\Aakash\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\obj\x86\Debug\WpfApplication3.aao.resources
